Arcbox devops (#1093)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/DevOps/_index.md

    ![Screenshot showing hello-arc RBAC delete pods](./k3s_rbac05.png)

  - Show the Cluster Role and Role Binding.
  
    ```shell
    kubectl get clusterrole | Select-String secret-reader
    kubectl get clusterrolebinding | Select-String read-secrets-global
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing hello-arc RBAC get pods](./k3s_rbac06.png)

  - Validate the cluster role to get the secrets as user Dave.

    ```shell
    kubectl get secrets --as=dave
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing hello-arc RBAC get pods](./k3s_rbac07.png)

>   - Test the RBAC role assignment, if Dave can create the secrets. The operation fails, as the user, Dave is assigned to the role of secret-reader. The secret-reader role only allows get, watch and list permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Test the RBAC role assignment to check if Dave can create the secrets. The operation should fail, as the user Dave is assigned to the role of secret-reader. The secret-reader role only allows get, watch and list permissions.
```
